our highest entertainer Snoop Dogg we we
teamed up with our friends noop for what
has become one of the most beloved
nature programs on this or any planet
and with that said it's time for a
special all reptile edition of planet
Earth
what up there just a big snow go let's
watch some more animals oh there we go a
little cute little lizard what the hell
is going on he's being watched snakes it
straight you could tell to what
ain't nothing they plotting right now
see how they got thick necks up that
means they coming to get the lizard
don't even see what's happening but you
understand me one thing about a lizard I
think he had Geico if he had Geico he
got a 15% chance to making a party he
peed game right now he's saying it he's
saying that you watch Oh get out of
there man go did you see the feet Oni
are they coming from everywhere cut this
is crazy
oh come here just entered in the snake
bill USA this snakes coming from all
angles as he dips and dashes he makes it
get away jumps into the homes of a big
snake to twist his own but they twisted
myself find it find a loophole you gotta
find your way to the top of the mountain
f you be jumping he's very well trained
in escape tactics as you can see oh good
move I like that I like that
Oh Jim yeah yeah get a hold of it
see snakes can do all that cuz they
ain't got his and they got feet yeah cuz
I'm up on the top of the mountain with
remind me of my homeboys when they're
running from the police playing get away
baby thanks for watching if you liked
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if you
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares